<img src="../../fslogo.png"/>

# FloriShop manual Mobile Photo

# Table of contents

[1 Preface](#1-preface)

[2 Authorize users for linking photos](#authorize-users-for-linking-photos)

[3 Link photos to webshop parcels](#link-photos-to-webshop-parcels)

[4 Other available webshop add ons](#4-other-available-webshop-add-ons)

# 1 Preface

Welcome to the manual FloriShop add on Mobile Photo. This add on is used
to add photos to products on the webshop. Usually product photos are
already linked to articles in the webshop. However, there may be
situations where some photos are not loaded or where you want to change
the default photo. The Mobile Photo add-on is required for doing this.

Before a webshop user can link photos, they must be authorized for this.
This is a setting in Florisoft. The steps for this are described in
chapter two.

Adding images manually can be done in roughly two ways. You can link an
existing image (stored on a storage device) and new images (made with a
camera on a mobile device). This process is described in chapter three.
It is possible to link images to both stock and order parcels.

Finally, chapter four describes the other add ons that are available for
the webshop. This chapter briefly describes the functionality for each
add on and the added value for your organization.

The purpose of this manual is that webshop administrators can add images
to products on the web shop themselves.

**Pay attention: images in this manual may differ slightly from what you
see on your own screen.**

# Authorize users for linking photos

Changing photos on the web shop can only be done by authorized users.
This can be set in Florisoft. The following describes how this works.

1.  Open the ‘Constants’ menu from Florisoft by clicking the following
    icon:

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Mobile Photo\media\image2.png" style="width:2.417in;height:0.7501in" />

Now the ‘Constants’ window opens.

1.  Navigate to the debtors tab by first clicking on the ‘Community’ tab
    (no. 1) then ‘Debtors’ (no. 2) and open the settings for the debtor
    you want to authorize for linking photos. (no. 3) Now the settings
    screen for the selected debtor opens. See next page.

In this example debtor 007 is chosen as the one to be authorized for
changing photos.

> <img src=".Manual webshop add on Mobile Photo\media\image3.png" style="width:5.55208in;height:4.32991in" />

1.  In the debtor settings window navigate to the ‘internet’ tab (no. 4)
    then the ‘webshop2’ tab. (no. 5)

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Mobile Photo\media\image4.png" style="width:5.78125in;height:4.99104in" />

1.  Put the ‘Mag partijfoto aanpassen’ (may change parcelphoto)’ tick
    on. (no. 6)

2.  Click the ‘OK’ button in the debtor settings window. (no. 7)

3.  Close the ‘Constants’ window.

Now this debtor is authorized to change parcel photo’s on the webshop.
It is possible to authorize multiple webshop users to modify parcel
photos. Do this by repeating steps one through six for each user you
want to authorize.

# Link photos to webshop parcels 

Below are the steps described to link images to webshop parcels
manually.

**Pay attention: making your own photos and link them to products in the
webshop requires a mobile device such as a smartphone or tablet PC.**

**Note:** the screenshots below shows the webshop in mobile form and are
taken from a smartphone. When changing photos via the desktop version
the webshop looks a little bit different, but the steps below can be
performed as well.

1.  Navigate to the webshop using the standard webshop address (URL) and
    log in with the administrator account.

2.  Click/tap the Florisoft logo icon in the upper left corner of the
    screen. (no. 1) On the left side of the screen stocks, order lists
    and other pages appear if applicable.

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Mobile Photo\media\image5.png" style="width:2.84335in;height:4.16667in" />

1.  Click/tap a stock to enter it. (no. 2) In the example above the
    ‘Flowers’ stock is chosen. Now a list with all the available product
    groups for the concerning stock appear.

2.  Click/tap one of the available product groups to show all the
    articles which resides in the selected product group. (no. 4)

> <img src=".Manual webshop add on Mobile Photo\media\image6.png" style="width:3.10347in;height:5.19697in" />

In the example below you see an example of a product without a photo. It
is also possible to change photos from products which already have a
photo.

1.  Click/tap a product whose photo you want to change. (no. 5) Now the
    details page of the selected product opens. See next page

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Mobile Photo\media\image7.png" style="width:2.70556in;height:4.5309in" />

1.  Click/tap the camera icon. (no. 6)

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Mobile Photo\media\image8.png" style="width:2.96875in;height:4.96285in" />

Now the ‘Change image’ window pops up. See next page.

1.  Click/tap the ‘Change image’ link. (no. 7) and be sure that the tick
    ‘Optimize image’ (no. 8) is put on.

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Mobile Photo\media\image9.png" style="width:3.05208in;height:5.09576in" />

Now an access screen to the image roll of your mobile device is shown.
See next page.

1.  Now there are two options: take a new photo with the camera of your
    mobile device or select an existing image form the camera roll.
    (no. 9)

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Mobile Photo\media\image10.png" style="width:2.99669in;height:4.77083in" />

**Take a new photo**  
Activate the camera and take the photo. Go to step 10.

> **Select an existing photo from the camera roll**  
> Open the camera roll from your mobile device. Go to step 9.

1.  Select the photo to be linked from the camera roll. (no. 10)

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Mobile Photo\media\image11.png" style="width:3.40625in;height:4.66306in" />

If you want to crop the photo go to step 10. If the photo is already
right as you wish, proceed to step 11.

1.  **Optional:** You can crop the image by clicking the crop icon.
    (no. 11)

Use the blue handles (purple circled) and/or the white cross in the
middle of the photo to crop. Click on the 'SAVE' button to save when the
crop is as desired.

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Mobile Photo\media\image12.png" style="width:3.80208in;height:4.72917in" />

1.  Click the ‘SAVE’ button to couple the selected photo to this
    product.

Now the new photo should appear as photo next to the concerning parcel.

As described in the preface this is possible for both stock and order
parcels. With the Mobile Photo add on it is possible to provide both
order and stock parcels with (your own) photos. From now on the end user
has complete control over the photos on the webshop. This brings the
webshop qualitatively to an even higher level.

**Telephone:** +31 (0)71 40 806 10  
**E-mail:** sales@florisoft.nl
