<img src="../../fslogo.png"/>

# FloriShop manual WhatsApp offers

# Table of contents

[1. Preface](#preface)

[2 Creating an anonymous debtor in Florisoft](#creating-an-anonymous-debtor-in-florisoft)

[3 Link the anonymous debtor to the webshop](#link-the-anonymous-debtor-to-the-webshop)

[4 Sent offers via WhatsApp from the webshop](#4-sent-offers-via-whatsapp-from-the-webshop)

# Preface

Welcome the FloriShop WhatsApp offers manual. Sending offers via
WhatsApp to customers is a beautiful way to bring products from the
webshop to the attention of customers.

The manual describes two ways WhatsApp can be used in relation to the
webshop. The first way is to send full stocks. This is widely used for
stocks with daily offers. The second way of sharing offers via WhatsApp
consists of sending individual products. Both ways are described in
chapter four.

**Pay attention: images in this manual may slightly differ from what you
see on your own screen.**

# Creating an anonymous debtor in Florisoft

An anonymous debtor is required to share stocks/parcels via WhatsApp.
The anonymous debtor is a webshop user who has access to the webshop,
but is limited in terms of possibilities. For example, an anonymous
debtor may not buy. Below is how the creation of an anonymous debtor
works.

**Please note: creating an anonymous debtor is only necessary if it does
not already exist.**

1.  Open the 'Constants' in Florisoft by clicking on the icon below:

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image2.png" style="width:2.43784in;height:0.7501in" />

1.  Open the Debtors tab via Community (no. 1) -&gt; Debtors (no. 2)

2.  Click once in the column 'Deb. nr.’ (no. 3)

> <img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image3.png" style="width:5.69792in;height:3.05766in" />

1.  Type in the search field 'anon' (without quotes) and press Enter or
    click on the 'Search' button (no. 5)

2.  If an anonymous debtor already exists in the system, it is now
    displayed as a result in the list of debtors. (no. 6) Go further to
    step 10.

If no anonymous debtor is found, go to step 6 on the next page.

1.  Click the 'Add new item' button on the 'Debtors' tab of the
    'Constants' window. The 'Debtors:' window opens.

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image4.png" style="width:5.76042in;height:1.82479in" />

1.  On the 'Addresses' tab in the 'Debtors :’ window, enter the
    following information:

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image5.png" style="width:5.75464in;height:1.07639in" />

7 = ANON, 8 = ANON and 9 = Anonymous debtor

Read more on the next page.

1.  Navigate to the tab 'Internet' (no. 10), Internet access (no. 11)
    and check the boxes 'This customer has access by means Internet'
    (no. 12) and 'This client can log in Webshop 3.' (no. 13)

2.  Enter the ANON! value in the 'Password for customer' field in.
    (no. 14)

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image6.png" style="width:5.74336in;height:4.95833in" />

Click the ‘Accessible stocks’ button (no. 15) to open the authorization
settings for the available stocks and/or order lists in the system. Read
more on the next page.

The steps below describes the authorization settings for the anonymous
debtor and stocks.

1.  Click the ‘Accessible stocks’ button (no. 15) to open the ‘Raises by
    Sale through the Internet window.

2.  Check if the column ‘Perc’ is visible by right clicking one of the
    existing columns. (no. 16) Now a window pops up with all the
    available columns for the ‘Raises by Sale through the Internet’.

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image7.png" style="width:5.83333in;height:4.73315in" />

In the example below the stocks TEST, TEST17 and 777 have the ‘A’ and
‘R’ columns ticked. This means that those stocks are visible for the
anonymous debtor.

1.  Uncheck ‘T’ tick (no. 21) for the concerning stocks. This means that
    the anonymous debtor is not possible to buy from these stocks.

> <img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image8.png" style="width:5.78125in;height:2.83837in" />
>
> **Pay attention: for the stocks used in combination with WhatsApp
> offers, be sure that the ‘A’, ‘R’ and ‘T’ ticks are checked.**

1.  Click the ‘OK’ button (no. 22) in the ‘Raises by Sale through the
    Internet’ to confirm the changes to the stock authorization for the
    anonymous debtor.

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image9.png" style="width:1.77618in;height:0.78125in" />

1.  Click the ‘OK’ button in the ‘Debtors : ANON’ window to confirm all
    the settings.

The anonymous debtor has now been created.

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image10.png" style="width:5.8229in;height:3.25694in" />

When a user now reaches the webshop, it looks like the image above.

# Link the anonymous debtor to the webshop

After changing the related settings for the anonymous debtor in
Florisoft. The next step is to link the anonymous debtor to the webshop.
Below are the steps described for doing this.

1.  Log on to the webshop with an administrator account.

2.  Check the ‘Management’ tick (no. 1) in the upper left corner of the
    webshop to activate the management environment of the webshop.

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image11.png" style="width:1.8961in;height:0.51049in" />

1.  Click the ‘Configuration’ menu (no. 2)

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image12.png" style="width:4.69857in;height:2.42742in" />

1.  Right click the ‘Webshop Settings’ menu (no. 3) and choose the
    option ‘Open link in new tab’ (no. 4) Now the webshop settings open
    in a new tab.

2.  Search in the ‘Item’ field for WhatsApp (no.1) and open the setting
    WHATSAPPDELEN (no. 2) by clicking on it.

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image13.png" style="width:5.71875in;height:1.61691in" />

1.  Put on the tick behind ‘Waarde’ (Value) on. (no. 3)

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image14.png" style="width:5.71857in;height:3.93125in" />

1.  Fill in the password for changing settings on the webshop. This
    password is provided during the implementation of the webshop.
    (no. 4)

2.  Click the ‘Save’ button (no. 5) to save the setting.

Now the WhatsApp functionality is activated in the webshop. Read further
on the next page.

The last thing to do in the webshop settings is linking the anonymous
debtor. Below is described how this works.

1.  Fill in the ‘Item’ field ‘anon’ to search the concerning setting.

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image15.png" style="width:5.5625in;height:3.26748in" />

1.  Click the ‘ANONIEMEDEBNR’ setting (no. 7) to edit it.

2.  Fill the ‘Waarde’ (value) field with the value ANON. (no. 8)

3.  Fill in the ‘Password’ field (no. 9) with the password for changing
    the webshop settings.

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image16.png" style="width:5.55069in;height:1.82893in" />

1.  Click the ‘Save’ button to confirm the activation of the anonymous
    debtor in the webshop.

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image17.png" style="width:0.875in;height:0.53125in" />

Now all the required webshop settings are set correctly.

# 4 Sent offers via WhatsApp from the webshop

Below are the steps for sending WhatsApp offers from the webshop.

**Pay attention: it is recommended to use a mobile device like a
smartphone or tablet PC to send offers via WhatsApp. Furthermore it is
necessary that your device has access to WhatsApp in one way or the
other.**

1.  Open a browsers and navigate to the webshop using the default
    webshop URL.

2.  Open the stock you want to send. In the example below the stock
    ‘Stock UK’ is chosen.

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image18.jpeg" style="width:2.43318in;height:4.32292in" alt="cid:image002.jpg@01D3651A.BC7510A0" />

In the stock you have the option to send a complete stock or an
individual article. The steps 3 up and till 6 works the same for stocks
and articles.

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image19.jpeg" style="width:2.33333in;height:4.14815in" alt="cid:image012.jpg@01D3651A.BC7510A0" />

In the lower right corner of the screen you see a number of icons
including an upward pointing arrow.

1.  Tap the icon with the upward-pointing arrow. Now the WhatsApp icon
    becomes visible.

2.  Tap the WhatsApp icon. Now WhatsApp opens on your mobile device.

3.  Select the contact or group to whom you want to send the offer.

4.  Confirm the offer to be sent in WhatsApp.

5.  The message you send will display a small card complete with a short
    summary. It looks like the image below.

<img src=".Manual webshop add on Whatsapp offers\media\image20.jpeg" style="width:2.48958in;height:4.43359in" alt="cid:image005.jpg@01D3651B.28D61F00" />

Clicking on the image will automatically open the stock within the
receivers browser. If the user isn’t logged in already, you’ll be logged
in with a demo account.

This account can display appointed stocks, but won’t have the
possibility to purchase anything. Using any purchase function, will
prompt a message stating you have to log in.

This way you can send stocks or individual products to (potential)
customers via WhatsApp. It is a modern way to advertise directly to your
target audience.
